     		The MiNTlib Project LICENSE
     		---------------------------

This license text is inspired by the FreeType Project LICENSE which 
is

      		Copyright 1996-1998 by
   David Turner, Robert Wilhelm, and Werner Lemberg

Modified by Guido Flohr, 1999, to meet the needs of the MiNTLib.


Introduction:

This license applies to all files found in this packages, and which 
explicitely refer to this license agreement.

This license was inspired by the BSD, Artistic and IJG (Independent 
JPEG Group) licenses, which all encourage inclusion and use of free 
software in commercial and freeware products alike. As a 
consequence, its main points are that:

o We don't promise that this software works. However, we'll be 
  interested in any kind of bug reports ("as is" distribution)

o You can use this software for whatever you want, in parts or full 
  form, without having to pay us. ("royalty-free" usage)

o You may not pretend that you wrote this software. If you use it, 
  or only parts of it, in a program, you must acknowledge somewhere 
  in your documentation that you've used the MiNTlib code.   
  ("credits").

We specifically permit and encourage the inclusion of this 
software, with or without modifications, in commercial products, 
provided that all warranty or liability claims are assumed by the
product vendor.



Legal Terms:


0.Definitions:

"You" refers to the licensee, or person using the project, where 
"using" or "redistribution in binary form" is a generic term 
including compiling the project's source code as well as linking 
it to form a "program" or "executable".  This program is referred 
to as "a program using the MiNTLib".

This license applies to all files in the MiNTLib distributed that 
refer to this license agreement, including all source code, 
binaries and documentation, unless otherwise stated in the file in 
its original, unmodified form as distributed in the original 
archive. If you are unsure whether or not a particular file is 
covered by this license, you must contact the author to verify this.

All files are copyright (C) of the authors as stated in the 
original, unmodified source texts. All rights reserved except as 
specified below.


1. No Warranty:

THE MINTLIB IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
IN NO EVENT WILL ANY OF THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE 
MINTLIB.

As you have not signed this license, you are not required to accept 
it. However, as the MiNTLib project is copyrighted material, only 
this license, or another one contracted with the authors, grants 
you the right to use, distribute, and modify it. Therefore, by 
using, distributing, or modifying the MiNTLib, you indicate that 
you understand and accept all the terms of this license.


2. Redistribution:

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
are met:

o Redistribution of source code must retain this license file 
  (COPYMINT) unaltered; any additions, deletions or changes to the 
  original files must be clearly indicated in accompanying   
  documentation. All copyright notices must be preserved in all 
  copies of source files.

o Redistribution in binary form must provide a disclaimer that 
  states  that the software is based in part of the work of the 
  MiNTLib team in the distribution documentation.

These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the 
MiNTLib code, not just the unmodified files. If you use our work, 
you must acknowledge us. However, no fee need be paid to us.


3. Advertising:

The names of MiNTLib's authors and contributors may not be used to 
endorse or promote products derived from this software without 
specific prior written permission.

We suggest, but do not require, that you use one or more of the 
following phrases to refer to this software in your documentation 
or advertising materials: "MiNTLib Project" or "MiNTLib 
Distribution".


4. Contacts:

A contact person can be retrieved from one of the files "AUTHORS" 
or "README" or the source file itself as found in the MiNTLib 
distribution.

       --- The End ---
